Retrospective Link on Confluence: https://c01-project.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/C/pages/4653059/Retrospective%3A+CPG+Sprint+1

Retrospective Draft:

What has gone well and should be maintained:

- The difficulty of tasks was estimated and divided up evenly.
- Branching was done well with no major errors and merge conflicts.
- All sprint targets were met.


Improvements to be made for the next sprint:

Styling: 
    Problem: styling of components should be kept consistent.
    Solution:
        Use Tailwind for styling from now on.
        Old files with invalid styling will be modified.
Interconnection of user stories and tasks:
    Problem: 
        Some features of tasks depend on each other and need a cohesive structure.
        Lack of communication between individuals working on interconnected tasks exacerbates the problem.
            For example: login and signup user stories need to agree on how to store a user in the database.
    Solution:
        Have early discussions on the potential commonalities of tasks in order to obtain a cohesive solution.
        Assign an individual the responsibility of creating a prototype, which will then serve as the foundation for common features that others can base their implementations on.
        Will be done through Jira with labeling common features as “IMPORTANT” and assigning an individual to the task.
        “IMPORTANT” tasks must be completed early in the sprint (i.e. 1-3 days at start).
        Frontend and backend separation of tasks and user stories should be kept minimal and only done if the workload of one side heavily outweighs the other.
            Otherwise, an individual is responsible for both the frontend and backend to reduce dependencies during implementation.

Deciding on Datatypes:
    Problem: People begin working without a clear and decided structure for a datatype. (e.g., storing a user in the db)
    Solution: 
        All group members working with a datatype must come up and agree with all the fields of the datatype FIRST.
        If unsure whether a field is necessary, prefer to include it. Space is not an issue and the field can always be removed.
